I think what I chasm and it's kim jong
buddy out your videos me oh yeah i guess
he's on Robert jolly interesting news
for the future of mine proper mr. Jerry
squared we don't know yet certainly dear
old boy is he first see the mud API ah
mr. Jeb is indicated that this will take
a few months he thinks ah before we have
to sit so we're gonna have to wait a
little before I release date of this but
well worth the wait I don't say oh boy
almost certainly is my message it also
indicated that the village is all still
barely done he said yeah but mr. John
kegs from apparently is going to be
working on the trading system very very
soon oh yes indeed night mr. Jeff also
spoke about the experience and
enchanting system said he wasn't really
happy with and he wanted to change it
sometimes no don't do hi and you also
wants to add to farming and indicated
the potatoes might be a bother energy
what indeed Venezuela I say slowed I
don't buy so many things everything's
good at it research fields perhaps
having training zone shake is time to
enchanted experience and offered you
four editions incurring spuds I'd a
sinking ships all right haha it's also
the unused potion effects oh not
implemented properly yet he said he
thinks will add Moses am at a later time
like leaving blind is in haste I say it
was early now the Red Dragons will
remember the red dragon indeed will mr.
Jeff said that mr. Nagy did promise them
and that he had also more lift my sports
is to somebody oh yeah we may well see
horses as well as dragons it was always
on washing line I days he might be good
Disney perhaps in DVDs new my Santa
forms of patty dragons and whores you
there was any hobby or not he says that
they're going to go crazy apparently the
future with new blocks but all's must
serve a purpose so not just misses
earlier
another new box with oars but we will go
to his new books indeed oh by keeping
order or is it oh I say I'm also plan to
see more plants are coming he thinks oh
yes ah as well as possibly more mobs
indeed indeed videos there you go AZ
visitor syl CC hell absolute jolly above
it leadership on the part of idealizing
they are also planning into to add a
feature whereby in single pair you may
well be able to even your world to an
aisle and claims to connect right
setting up a server is it wisely no this
thing is going on dragons and horse you
can ride on your horse will you blasted
random is um little spud gun either yes
with your spot can you confirm three
chicks tonight indeed you buy mine where
they all gave in his ideas ever double
shift well mob takes thank you I do
enjoy your finish this game channel but
in love the things coming thank you bye
news update good results Irina for Sega
once more on the next onyx Heidi aight
guys i am too am I